Add FAQ item for Anomaly Detection (#2609)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/monitoring/anomaly-detection.md

indicator, the name of the performance data on which the computations will be performed as well as the value of the
performance data.

### How is the sending and storage of my data protected?

> Sending data to our Cloud infrastructure is risk-free. Data is end-to-end encrypted. The

Author: ```suggestion
Sending data to our Cloud infrastructure is risk-free. Data is sent using end-to-end encryption. The
```

> Sending data to our Cloud infrastructure is risk-free. Data is sent using end-to-end encryption. The

Author: ```suggestion
Sending data to our Cloud infrastructure is risk-free. Data is sent using end-to-end encryption.
```

> data collected only contains metrics and some Centreon identifiers (host name, service name). Our environment is protected by AWS Web

Author: ```suggestion
Collected data consists only in metrics and some Centreon identifiers (host name, service name). Our environment is protected by AWS Web
```
